Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedprogramming-ii-binary-tree-insertion-and-traversals
<br>
Assignment: Write a program that inserts identifiers in a binary tree. Print the tree four (4) times. Print a graphical representation of the tree where the depth ofeach node is indented a multiple of five (5) spaces and lexicographically smaller nodes are printed before larger nodes. List the node of the tree three times, once using a preorder traversal, once using an inorder traversal, and once using a postorder traversal. Prohibition: Use of the C++ Standard Template Library is prohibited in the implementation of this project. Program Files: Project 8 consists of files p08.cpp, Tree08.h, Tree08.cpp, and p08make. Project file names are exactly as given. Failure to employ the foregoing names will result in a score of zero (0) for this project Project files must be stored in the root directory of your student account. Failure to store project files in the root directory of your student account will result in a score of zero (0) for this project. File Description p08.cpp File p08.cpp contains functions that process command line arguments. File p08.cpp contains functions create and traverse a binary tree. Tree08.h File Tree08.h contains the definition of class Tree. Class Tree implements a binary tree by dynamically allocating nodes. Each node references an identifier. Tree08.cpp File Tree08.cpp contains the implementation of member functions of class Tree. p08make File p08make contains instructions for creating executable file p08. Instructions in file p08make are accepted by the UNIX utility make. Command Line: Project 8 can be invoked with zero, one, or two program parameters. The first program parameter is the input file name. The second parameter is the output file name. Sample command lines together with corresponding actions by program p08 are shown below. Boldfaced type indicates data entered at the keyboard by the user. $ p08 Enter the input file name: i08.dat Enter the output file name: o08.dat $ p08 i08.dat Enter the output file name: o08.dat $ p08 i08.dat o08.dat Input files: The input file contains a list of identifiers similar to the list given in Figure 1. Output files: Identifiers given in the input file are listed four (4) times in the output file. Figure 2 illustrates how program p08 lists the identifiers given in Figure 1. Figure 1. Input file format: fantine rachel ilse karen deborah abigail zoe Figure 2. Output file format: Graphical Representation abigail deborah fantine ilse karen rachel zoe Preorder Traversal fantine deborah abigail rachel ilse karen zoe Inorder Traversal abigail deborah fantine ilse karen rachel zoe Postorder Traversal abigail deborah karen ilse zoe rachel fantine